---
title: API Reference

language_tabs:
  - ruby

toc_footers:
  - <a href='#'>Sign Up for a Developer Key</a>
  - <a href='https://github.com/tripit/slate'>Documentation Powered by Slate</a>

includes:
  - errors

search: true
---

# Introduction
Welcome to the CukeHub API! CukeHub allows you to anaylze and share your Automated Cucumber Test Results.  The CukeHub API captures any and all Cucumber Scenarios from any test server at anytime.  This allows you to scale your Automated Cucumber Test Suite.

# CukeHub API
### HTTP Request
`POST ("https://cukehub.com/api/v1/results", body: params)`
## Parameters

Parameter         | Description
---------         | -----------
<b>api_key:</b>   | API Key generated in your CukeHub App.
<b>name:</b>      | Cucumber Scenario Name.
<b>steps:</b>     | Cucumber Scenario Steps.
<b>location:</b>  | Cucumber Feature File Path.
<b>tag:</b>       | Cucumebr Tag(s) associated with the Cucumber Scenario.
<b>status:</b>    | Cucumber Scenario Status at Runtime [PASSED, FAILED, PENDING]
<b>machine:</b>   | Machine or Device the Cucumber Scenario was executed on.
<b>os:</b>        | Operating System the Cucumber Scenario was executed in. [OSX, LINUX, WINDOWS]
<b>runtime:</b>   | Total Runtime of the Cucumber Scenario.
<b>domain:</b>    | The domain the Scenario ran against.  [ ex. @domain = staging.cukehub.com ] 
<b>branch:</b>    | The <b>Git Branch</b> the Scenario ran in.
<b>sha:</b>       | The <b>Git SHA</b> the Scenario ran in.
<b>browser:</b>   | The brower the Scenario ran in. [ ex. @browser = Selenium::WebDriver.for :chrome ]
<b>exception:</b> | The Exception Error for a FAILED Cukes.

# GetStarted with Ruby

``` ruby
#features/support/env.rb
require 'cukehub'

Before do
  @cukehub_api_key = '<api_key>'
  @browser = <'Browser for Browser Integration Tests'>
end


```
 Step    | Description
--------- | -----------
    1.    | Create a New App at [cukehub.com/apps](https://cukehub.com/apps) for the Application you are testing with Cucumber.
	2.    | Copy the autogenerated API Key for the App.
	3.    | Paste `@cukehub_api_key = <api_key>` into your features/support/env.rb file and `require 'cukehub'`.
	4.	  | Add `gem 'cukehub'` to your Gemfile.
	5.    | `$ bundle install`
	6.    | `$ cucumber`
	7.    | See Results at [cukehub.com/apps](https://cukehub.com/apps).

<aside class="success">
Happy Testing!
</aside>


